TINY-10708: Suppress bedrock logs in remote testing (#142)
tinymce/bedrock: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Improved

> - Reduced progress logs when on CI to 10% intervals #TINY10708

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced progress logs when on CI to 10% intervals #TINY-10708
```
